Have met at Flash but I didn't know you. Hi again. Brilliant. So yeah, would love to hear what the latest is on your side and your latest thinking on opportunities and the market and then happy to make use of this time. We have in whichever way is most kind of productive. Certainly. Since we have last minutes over winter, we have spent time looking into assessing where we are. Yeah. In our longer term journey. Yeah. And the doubles week world economic for making doubles had a big impact on us. In essence maybe pivoting or maybe focusing more on our mandates. Yeah. It was also the week where Trump got inaugurated. So seeing that the new world is moving towards the globalization. Yeah. We are currently looking assessing how our portfolio looks in this new world order. Yeah. And we are paying attention to spending closer. Building our relationship with our portfolio companies. Yeah. And looking into how we can support them through this transformational time. Yeah. There is one particular startup we are currently the reason I'm in Istanbul for is to visit the manufacturing plant of food processing of this startup which we are looking into how we can support in expanding into Europe. And they are a company who upgrades foods through sprouting pulses like beans, lentils to increase their nutritious value. Yeah. And. And they have a very strong brand in Turkey. Have managed to penetrate gain strong market share in Turkish market in a very short time. And we have participated in their pre seed round last year and now it's time to support them in their expansion into starting their European operations. And that is one of the topics that is in our agenda at the moment. That if you have any ideas on how such companies can. Find their way in Europe. We would really appreciate that. And we would love to catch up with you on the latest with Transition VC and how you adapt to this transformative times. Yeah, absolutely. That's certainly top of mind for all of us these days as things are moving quite quickly. Maybe I can start off with a kind of quick. I'll pull up a few slides and just kind of set the stage and then I'll segue into how we're kind of trading through the changing landscape today. And I think, yeah, I remember at Slush we had a good discussion around regenerative agriculture and kind of, you know, broader kind of impact areas. So let me also kind of touch on how we think about the sustainability theme more broadly. And I think we're actually very well set up to continue to have a lot of impact and find and support great companies in the coming years. So at its core, this is the platform we've built with Transition. We're taking people who've founded built 10 billion plus companies, venture investors from some of the world's best investment platforms and combining them with proven leaders from the energy transition climate tech space. And that's really how the team has come together. So we have me and David, you know our story. Me from, you know, originally from Iceland, starting my career as a software entrepreneur, built and sold that company, then got into investing, spent a good number of years between dawn and then Index Ventures before leaving to set up Transition really with this vision of backing the best talent that are building high impact, commercially successful companies at the intersection of environment and technology. David coming from a slightly different angle, but founding Unity Software, taking that public, he's still on the board there. It's trading nicely, although it's volatile days these days on the New York Stock Exchange. But he set up his family office, became a direct investor in about 130 companies, a lot of those into the climate tech space. He's an LP in 25 different funds and he's also the anchor in transition one. And really it was through conversations between me and David on the prospect for building a really kind of founder led, commercial impact focused climate tech fund that we landed on the Transition strategy. The insight we had was. That the only way to continue to earn the right to have a lot of impact is to make RLPs a lot of money. And so we have this very bottom up, very founder oriented view on the market. And I think we've already proven that we've avoided some of the kind of most common pitfalls that we've seen other climate tech funds falling into in terms of being overly exposed to idiosyncratic risk in carbon markets and related areas. But I'll get to that when we talk about the portfolio.