Originally you can stay standing. Please feel free to move around whatever feels comfortable. So I'm Maria. I'm so lovely to see all your faces. I've been with my back towards all of you all day and I realized talking to some people during lunch that I think I should provide a tiny bit of context before we dive into all these systems Bops for the people that don't know the good investors or the family behind the good investors who I've been lucky to know for more than 17 years. And that's how I ended up in the good investors and helping them build this is that they throughout their journey from going from, you know. Liesel had exited her family business in 2004 when they had traditional banks and investment management asset managers taking care of their funds. In 2008, at the height of the crisis they realized that that was completely mismanaged and the tiny portion that they had done themselves was actually doing very well. And so they decided to take everything out, create their own family office and manage their own investments from that period on. So that's where their journey started into first sustainable impact investments. They started in conservation. When you look at conservation Ferry and they always kept asking themselves questions why do we, you know, why do we have to conserve land? The elephants, the tiger, why is that necessary? And kept going and searching, going deeper into these questions and then ended up about I would say 10 years ago in sort of starting to think in systems which at the time didn't exist, it wasn't a term. But they started to make investments within a system trying to help build and help these the root causes of the issues they saw today. Then doing that very much alone. They realized they can't do that alone. And that's where the whole collective and they started to gather people around them also talking with their friends, family, other investors who were like minded. And that's where this idea of the collectors came from. They started organizing meetings, seeing who else was interested in this space and would like to invest alongside them. And that's when we created the good investors in 2019. And that has also been a journey which Falco alluded to. We, we have made mistakes. We have changed our entire structure. We started one way. Now we're completely different. Our approach to systems change and systemic investing was mostly intuitive. You should have seen our first systems maps that we made which were completely on PowerPoint with us sitting around the table and thinking about the different parts of the system and how those all interacted, doing our own research which was extremely, extremely time consuming and then finding other players within the field that could help us actually build those. So this, what I'm about to show is not what we've, you know, this is an evolution. It is what we are at today and we're very proud of it. We didn't get there alone. It's been an extremely collective, collaborative experience and I think that I just want to highlight that before we dive in. But even elsewhere, methodology is always evolving and even today we're working with other like minded investors who have funds in other parts of the world who are bringing different perspectives. So it's ever evolving. So what I'm trying today, maybe in a year or two will be completely different, but here we go. So I've kind of divided that up into three parts and I'll try and slightly limited on time, so I won't go too fast, but I'll try and do it as fast as possible. But a big part of systems change is navigating complexity. We talk about this a lot. It's the complex systems. How does it all fit together? How do you even start to understand the system you're in? What are the moving parts? How can you make sense of those things where there's a lot of sense making before you can actually invest and understand what your role is as an investor, which capitals to use, how to use them and in which quantities. Collaboration is essential, which I already said. And another part of what we're doing and what TSP is now helping us with, and we're very excited about this, is creating a new paradigm. Again, if I would have spoken to you about this five years ago, you would have all been like, what is she talking about? Systems change? What is a system? Root causes, what? And I'm very glad that today there is a field to speak of. It's starting, it's evolving. But we're all here and you're using